Toolchain
=========

COLEAT is built using Visual Studio. 2015 or 2017 should work, has not
been tested with earlier versions.

There is a top-level solution, coleat.sln, that includes half a dozen
projects. One project for each separate executable ('genproxy',
'coleat', and 'exewrapper'), one for the static library 'proxies', and
one for the DLL 'injecteddll'

In order to make it possible for the 'coleat' executable to show the
git version of the build, the pre-build event for the 'coleat' project
wants to run the 'git' command. Thus you need to make sure that there
is a proper git.exe that supports the rev-parse sub-command in the
PATH when Visual Studio runs.

Personally, I use the Cygwin shell (because that is what I need to use
in order to work with the Collabora Office and LibreOffice codebase on
Windows anyway), and start Visual Studio for the coleat solution from
a Cygwin shell with the command 'cmd /c start coleat.sln'. Others
might prefer other ways. Or, if you don't want the bother, just remove
the pre-build event from the coleat project and manually edit
include/coleat-git-version.h to have something like this single line:

#define COLEAT_GIT_HEAD current

Type libraries to use
=====================

I use the type libraries from Office 2013 as input to genproxy. The
post-build event for the 'genproxy' project expects them to be in the
parent directory of the coleat directory. You can of course modify
that as needed locally.


Coding style
============

The C++ source files are kept in uniform indentation and whitespace
style using clang-format. The .clang-format file used is the same as
used for LibreOffice. I don't claim that I find the resulting style to
be 100% to my liking, but I strongly think that uniformity is more
important than getting every detail just "right" according to personal
taste anyway.

To ensure that the code stays like that, please run clang-format as
appropriate. The easiest way, when using a Cygwin shell (or other
comparable Unix style shell) is to make a symlink from
.git/hooks/pre-commit to git-hooks/pre-commit .

The code uses "Hungarian" prefixes for variable names. Not sure I like
it that much, but that is what I was used to from LibreOffice, so it
came naturally. Again, uniformity is more important than personal
taste.
